Mission Title: Team Death!

Author: Virgil Itliong
Email Address: virgil@austin.ibm.com

Level Description

Like the team concept of killing the bad
guys and the reactor, then heading for exit?
But you really like blowing your buddies to
kingdom come? Well, this level is for you!

Forget EVERYTHING you ever knew about
anarchy!  This combines the team work
of co-op play with the killing of anarchy.

What is Team Death?
It's a new way to fly.  It's an anarchy type
of game where you try to get to your reactor
first, while stopping the team from beating
you to it.

How do you play?
- Two teams, two caves, two exits, each
having a blue and red.

- One member of a team must go to their cave
(blue team goes to blue cave) to activate a
switch.  This switch will open a door in a
tunnel.  The doors are marked red and blue.

- Than another team member (or even the
same person) must fly to that tunnel
to enter the door before it closes.

- Once through the door, continue flying
through the tunnel.  Activate the first
switch you see.  This will give you a
point.  As you continue to fly through the
tunnel, you will see previous switches
you already activated.  Leave them alone,
you don't have to re-activated them.

- Fly back to your buddies and do it
again.  First to 4 points win.

Note: You can ONLY go through the door
that correspondence to your color. If you
happen to go through an enemy door, you
can only score an enemy point.  Of course
you can always just hang around and wait
for someone to come along...

- After you get your 4 points the exit door
for your corresponding color will open.  Fly
through it, kill the reactor, and exit.  The
idea is to have ONE member of the team
exit, sacrificing your teammates is ok :-).

- How can you see the score?   The scores
are denoted by lights in the main cave. 
Each time a blue point is scored, a door
revealing blue lights are opened.
Likewise for red.

- A switch is denoted by a big light floating
in the air.  Hopefully this will be obvious.
To activate a switch, fly through it.

- A demo is also packaged with the zip file.
It is a walkthrough of the map to
demonstrate how to get the points.
You MUST have Descent 1.4 to view demo.

- The first team with 4 point wins.  If
there's no clear winner, then the team
that is able to exit wins.  If that is a
tie, then the team with most frags wins.
If thats a tie--do it over again!

OR

Forget the point system and just play
normal anarchy!  This level is
fun for that, too!
