


COMPANY PROFILE

Headquarters                    European Office:
17922 Fitch Avenue              71 Milton Park
Irvine, CA 92714                Abingdon, Oxon, OX144RR,
Tel. (714) 553-6655             United Kingdom
                                Tel. 0235 821666
                                        
Mission Statement: 
Continue as one of the leading innovative software publishers, producing
high-quality interactive entertainment titles while staying on the
forefront of emerging multimedia technologies.

Chronicle:
Founded in 1983, Interplay Productions developed into an affiliate
publisher in 1987 and emerged as independent publisher in 1991.
Interplay launched MacPlay, a division dedicated to creating quality
Macintosh products, in early 1993. The VR Sports division was launched
by Interplay in 1995 and is dedicated solely to producing realistic
sports software.

Overview:
Interplay Productions is a worldwide consumer software publisher,
producing award-winning entertainment and educational software and video
games.  While maintaining its commitment to excellence, Interplay has
dedicated itself to becoming the foremost provider of entertainment and
educational products that blend the flash, drama and excitement of
cinema with the enhancements of multimedia.  To that end, the company
has committed itself to produce only for CD-ROM on all new titles in
development for IBM and compatibles.  Interplay has a staff of creative
professionals who bring their unique talents to bear on this firm
commitment to excellence.  Interplay publishes quality titles for a
number of formats including IBM and Macintosh as well as leading console
game platforms.  Its products are distributed worldwide through major
distributors and retailers.

MacPlay is a division of Interplay Productions devoted solely to
providing state-of-the-art entertainment and educational programs for
the Macintosh consumer.  MacPlay products are distributed through most
major distributors and retailers worldwide.

VR Sports, a division of Interplay Productions, is developer and
publisher of state-of-the-art, realistic sports software for both game
console systems and personal computers. Employing the most advanced
technology available, VR Sports releases products for SEGA Saturn(, Sony
PlayStation( and IBM and 100% compatible computers.

Principals:
Brian Fargo, CEO
Chris Kilpatrick, President
Steven "Chuck" Camps, COO/CFO
Dick Lehrberg, Executive Vice President 
Phil Adam, Vice President of Business Development
Kim Motika, Vice President of Sales
Trish Wright, Vice President of Marketing
Troy Worrell, Vice President of Operations
Jill Goldworn, Vice President, OEM & Merchandising
Alan Pavlish, Executive Producer
Peter Bilotta, President, Interplay Europe

Interplay Affiliates: 
I(MOTION, Inc.          Informative Graphics                 Great Wave
Mission Studios         Real World Entertainment             Griffin Fathom

Interplay Milestones:

*       In 1991, became the first computer gaming company to ship an MPC
        entertainment title, Battle Chess CD-ROM.

*       Created Bard's Tale, one of the industry's best-selling
        fantasy-role-playing series.

*       One of the first companies to sign a major screen personality
        for an entertainment software title, Star Trek: 25th Anniversary
        Enhanced CD-ROM.

*       Interplay's Out Of This World for DOS
        named the "Highest Rated Game Ever" by Computer Game Review
        Magazine.

*       Produced ClayFighter, the first Super NES title to use clay
        animation extensively in a game.

*       In 1993, became a SEGA licensee with first product submitted,
        The Lost Vikings, receiving Best Puzzle/Strategy Product for the
        SEGA Genesis.

*       MCA, Inc. acquired a significant minority interest in Interplay
        in February, 1994.

*       In October, 1994 Interplay announced EA Victor of Japan will
        distribute Interplay titles in Japan.

*       Interplay went on-line with its World Wide Web site in March of
        1995, accessible by typing http://www.interplay.com.

*       Interplay's title Descent hit the #1 position as voted by
        Internet gamers on the Internet Top 100 Games List within a few
        weeks of its shareware release in December 1994. * In May, 1995
        Interplay announced the first acquisition in its corporate
        history of Shiny Entertainment, makers of the world-wide
        critical and commercial hit video game Earthworm Jim.

Sampling of Entertainment Products:
PC/MAC

AstroChase
Battle Chess
Blackthorne
Buzz Aldrin's Race Into Space
Caesar's Palace
Castles II: Siege & Conquest
Conquest Of The New World
Cyberia
Descent
Dungeon Master II:The Legend Of Skullkeep
Extreme
Frankenstein:Through The Eyes Of The Monster
Kingdom:The Far Reaches
Lord Of The Rings
Net Runner
Omar Sharif On Bridge
Power Pete
Sim Ant
SimCity Enhanced
Star Trek: 25th Anniversary Enhanced
Star Trek: Judgment Rites
Stonekeep
Virtual Pool
Voyeur
Wolfenstein 3D

CONSOLE

Alone In The Dark
Blackthorne
Boogerman
C2:Judgement Clay
Casper
ClayFighter
Cyberia
Descent
Kingdom: The Far Reaches
Rock N' Roll Racing
Star Trek: Star Fleet Academy
The Lord of The Rings
The Lost Vikings I & II
Waterworld
        
EDUTAINMENT

Mario Teaches Typing
Mario's Game Gallery
Typing For Today

#     #     #

